Jani.
Good evening. People off Thursday at 6 P.
m. as I do wanna do seminar.
How are we all doing?
Hey, very quiet.
Good evening, everyone.
Are you able to hear me, Ben?
Yes, yes, yes, can hear you.
Awesome. Hey guys, that's awesome.
Things are settled for me this week.
Awesome.
OK, the Monday is the SAM.
Yep,
let's wait a couple of minutes for people
who may join late.
Still that now.
Yeah, we have.
Well, while we're waiting,
we can probably also just kick off a very
informal discussion, right? I mean,
if you've been facing any issues or if
YEE.
you have any questions or anything of
that sort.
Yep, and.
And please feel free free to turn your
mics on because we hate to see in very,
Yep.
Yeah.
very quiet classrooms or virtual
classrooms.
YEE.
And if there's anything you would like us
to cover, please let us know.
Yes, please.
Today we're going to cover the practise
tests or any other topics,
please let us know and KURT.
Mhm.
Just in relation to P4,
how extensive of a programme are you sort
Mhm.
of expecting? Like if we just did, say,
one if statement or do you want multiple
or just sort of sign no?
It's not a site.
Um, how far to sort of go with it?
Are you talking about the test your
knowledge activity?
The control flow.
I think it's the control flow one I'm
thinking of.
Yes,
the control flow in that there is a
guided tour, there are some activities,
and after that there are,
ABEL.
there is a test your knowledge where you
got three of three topics to choose from,
Is that a customer?
and then you can choose one of them,
and the requirement is actually listed in
the.
In the activities, so...
Okay, then.
Let me check.
Because it, it doesn't.
I didn't scroll down. Sorry.
No, good.
I'm looking at it now.
I only read the first section,
but I didn't actually scroll down to page
three.
That's embarrassing.
to do that.
I will later probably go through how
usually we will finish,
Thanks.
what should we look at when we doing
tasks on the field guide. Yeah,
Yep.
we'll look through that.
Okay, and all good. Yeah, sure.
Thank you.
I have a quick question.
Yes.
When I was doing the test or knowledge
section for last task, what do you call?
The control flow.
Yeah, the controller, yeah.
I, because I couldn't find, like,
you know how to convert the integers into
the string, so I, I just...
Mm.
I,
I couldn't find this anyway you mentioned
there, so I,
I have solved the what do you call code,
but I, I did, I did look outside,
you know, like the Google is ChatGPT,
so is that okay if we use the resources
like that, because I,
Mhm.
Okay.
it's like it's easy thing, but I,
I was not too CEO.
Well,
let's bring that offline when we do our
one-on-ones.
We would like to see what actually you
did, because to be honest,
all the methods that you're going to use,
you can find that in the guided tour or
previous guided tours.
So you probably won't need any outside
resources. But I mean,
Not sure what he,
because you could do your experiments,
you could add some pieces,
we're not sure what you have done.
So it's better considered as a case by
case. So yeah, please talk to us.
Yeah.
Or if no time,
please talk to one of the Help Out tutors.
Okay,
and the other one was like the finding
Yeah.
the minimum maximum value.
So I found that like double minimum is
Mm.
equal to double double max value.
See that true or?
Yeah.
If this is 7 true,
because I'm still confused, it says true,
but I'm not not too sure how it.
Sorry, I didn't...
This is Sergey.
I didn't quite get your question.
Could you please?
So.
This is double min, double minimum value.
The finding the minimum value says double,
Yu.
double min is equal to double max,
double max value.
Where is that?
Because I did the...
Yeah, so again,
I think we better have a separate call on
Yeah.
that.
So you can share your screen and show us
Okay.
what you've done, and we can have a look.
Play.
Okay.
Cool, and Alex, yep.
Thank you.
Oh hey guys, hey Alex, hey Ben.
Just a quick question,
Yeah, yeah, cool.
Ohh.
I'm probably going to have to sit only an
hour through this seminar again because
like I'm pretty behind.
How long realistically should it take to
do P4?
I would say at least give you the day to
finish all the guided tours and the code
Yeah.
programme, and we also,
because people were,
we also have the hand execution,
but we will go through the hand execution
today, so hopefully it will.
Early today or later in the seminar?
Later in the seminar,
so we'll after the admin stuff,
and then we'll do with during the demo,
we will do,
we'll go through the practise test,
which has a hand execution in it,
And vocals.
Yeah.
so I will go through the hand execution
bit, hopefully it helps you to.
Finish our people task faster, yeah.
Yeah,
I might have to watch the recording of it
because like I've only just started a P4.
It's making a lot more sense than P3 did.
Yep, yep.
I don't know why,
but something just clicks with it.
But like if we if you just start going
through that,
Yeah.
I might just have to drop out because I
haven't read actually the content,
so I won't be able to understand.
Yeah.
Oh good,
feel free to watch the recording or jump
in, help up sessions.
Yeah.
Well, good. Thank you.
And pointers, so on our seminars,
we will only cover the past level topics.
If you are interested in that,
feel free to put a discussion,
put it in the discussion channel and we
can reply back to a post on there.
But in the seminars,
we won't cover a lot of the advanced
topics outside of the past level tasks.
Alrighty, OK, so let's start.
Okay, so this week,
hopefully you have completed P1,
P2 and P3 starting on P4. If not,
it's okay.
Please try to catch up and after week 5,
we'll also have the,
we'll enter into the Easter holidays.
So you can use that time to catch up. And
This week's focus is focusing on ensure
you guys are up to date.
So we will spend a little bit of time on
the demo,
Fifth.
then we'll go through the one-on-one time.
Hopefully we have more time to do
individual sessions. And Alex,
you got a question?
Sorry,
do you have a display on at the moment
because it says can't display content or
is that is that just for me?
Is that for everyone in the room at the
moment?
I'm sharing a...
Yeah, I can say it.
Yeah,
for me it says can't display content,
the presentation has stopped unexpectedly.
You guys can see that? You can see that.
So,
Yeah, I can.
maybe try disconnecting or reconnecting,
Alex.
I can see that.
Okay, I'll, yeah,
I'll leave and come back.
Yep, thank you. Thanks. Yeah,
if you feel anything goes wrong,
please let us know. All righty.
Okay, so the test in week one,
it will be conducted in week 5,
so it will be next week.
Please view the T1 task on OnTrack for
details.
So you can download the task sheet on
OnTrack. You can find the task details.
And on the resource of task T1,
there's a practise test,
which we will go through together later
in the seminar.
And this covers the concepts from P2 to
P4. Please complete this task beforehand.
Well, if you didn't...
Sorry, um, GANESH.
Oh, okay. So now we got the same name,
so I'm confused if you are talking to me,
but all good.
So one thing to note is that if you fail
test one,
you have the chance to complete a
follow-up practise test in your own time.
So you won't be asked to resit test one.
So if you have,
if you didn't meet this minimum standard
to pass test one,
you will be provided feedback to redo it
on OnTrack.
So I think that question has been raised
Yeah.
by one of the students last week.
The feedback will be provided from
OnTrack.
You'll give it 7-4 business days and we
will post the results on your OnTrack.
For the test,
I don't think you will get any extension
for the test submission.
If you cannot make the test,
you probably need to do the,
you either request the extension to the
unit chair, because I don't think.
I mean, you can extend,
you can request an extension on T1,
the task itself,
but by extending the task doesn't mean
that you can submit the test paper later,
if that makes sense.
So the task is one of the tasks on
OnTrack.
it's separate to the test you are
actually doing, if that makes sense.
All right,
so that applies to test 2 as well.
So for test 2, there is a task as well.
If you cannot make to test.
two, which is a hurdle,
please let us know.
Yeah, the test is not OnTrack task.
So you will receive an e-mail outlining
how and when you can access your test.
So your test will happen on Cloud Deakin,
which is Deakin sync where the unit site
is. It's not OnTrack.
Hope that makes sense.
No,
you don't need to submit your practise
test, so...
I'm not sure if you need to,
because you can just, you can, after,
if you are planning to do the practise
test, you can do the practise test.
If you're not planning to do that, well,
you can just go to the test and you don't
need to do anything on your task.
You probably need to turn that.
task to be waiting for,
ready for feedback,
but there's nothing for you to submit on
that task.
Well, you can't ignore for now.
After the feedback is given,
if it's changed to resubmit,
you will need to resubmit according to
the requirement,
the feedback you've received.
If you receive a complete green tick,
then you are all good.
You.
tick.
So that means you've passed this task.
So it's all good. But for test 2,
you have to pass the test.
The practise test is on the when you
download the resources for the T1 task.
It is in the resource for downloads there.
Yes. Yes, Kathleen,
if the test will on Deakin sync,
feedback comes through OnTrack.
If you pass, nothing more to do.
You will receive a green tick.
Okay, Alex, good question.
Just in regards to feedback, like,
you've left me lovely feedback on one or
Mm.
two. Thank you so much for that.
That was actually really uplifting.
All good.
But just say for the sake of other
subjects or any subject in general,
Mhm.
are you supposed to get any sort of
feedback?
Mhm.
Because there was one subject the
feedback was,
make sure you reference and nothing else.
There was nothing in regards to my work.
Is it always, do we always get feedback,
like whether it's good, bad,
or is that a requirement from teachers to
do that?
Well, it's again, how to mark tests,
how to mark tasks are different compared
to different units.
We have different requirements for tutors
on different units.
We try to aim for more personalized,
more detailed,
constructive feedback on tasks.
That's in general,
but in terms of different units,
I'm not too sure about how exactly people
would give feedback. But yeah,
if you would like some more detailed
feedback,
certainly you please let the tutor and
let the unit chair know.
We certainly will work through that. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah. I just had an,
it was just a comment. Then I wrote back,
I'm like, there was nothing else there.
And I'm like,
was there any feedback in regards to my
work? And it's just been radio silence.
So that's, I was just curious. That's all.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Oh, good.
Um...
Regarding to feedback second time,
what does that mean? I'm not quite sure.
So you will get multiple feedbacks.
So if you get feedback second time asking
to resubmit, you still resubmit.
It's all good.
As long as you didn't get feedback
exceeded or time exceeded,
Be back.
that's all good.
If that makes sense.
We practise that will closely resemble
the actual test. Yes,
practise will be on OnTrack. Yes,
test link will be emailed and result
Hello?
feedback is on OnTrack. Yes,
that's correct, Jeremy. Thank you.
I will suggest you to work on P4 first.
If P3 and P2 you don't have a lot to
adjust.
If P3 and P2 you got a lot of things to
resubmit, then do that first. Yeah,
we will have breakout room today.
So if you, if the task is not due yet,
you are 100%,
you will get one week extension
automatically. That's for sure.
Outside of that,
you need to request extension from the
unit chair and you need to submit
relevant evidences like medical
certificates and
other sort of evidence.
Right, yeah. If it's left,
then we need to e-mail the unit chair.
The date of the test is not published yet,
so it will be sometime next week.
You will receive an e-mail regarding that.
Highly potentially,
it will be the weekend.
Since 2nd April.
2nd April.
Is your, but for online classes,
you don't have a start timetable, right?
I can confirm and try to confirm and get
back to you on this. Second of April,
which is next Thursday. Yeah,
looks something close to that, yeah.
Yes.
Oh, my fridge. Okay, cool. That's awesome.
Yeah, awesome. Thank you, GANESH,
for providing the e-mail.
Yeah, so 2nd April, Thursday,
11 AM and the 3rd,
And then they.
between 11 AM on 2nd April and till the
3rd of Friday, April, Friday, 11.59.
The 3rd of April,
that's the public holiday if I'm not
wrong.
That's a Good Friday, right?
So you will have one day in public
holiday. Hope you have,
you actually have the holiday to be able
to compete.
So anytime in between that window,
if you have time, you can submit,
you can attempt the test.
Okay, awesome. Thank you, and.
That's for on-campus students.
If you're on-campus student,
you happen to drop into this online
seminar, your
On campus students,
your timetable will be posted on STAR,
so cheque that.
You will need to go on campus to take
your test one and test 2 as well.
And if you are on campus student,
you are not allowed to sit on online test
unless it's been approved by the unit
chair.
Thank you.
Okay, so next slide,
I will just quickly mention that we have
the opportunities for the volunteer
program. So if you're interested,
please hop on to the DHD task discussion
channel and find more information there.
saw that we already had some discussions
around working with children check.
That's awesome.
Please be mindful that if you're planning
to apply for that,
you need to finish some tasks ahead of
time.
So please prepare later if you want to be
part of this.
Alrighty. So we allow, again,
we would like to stress the acceptable
use of AI.
We certainly allow you guys to use AI,
however, it's for assisting your learning,
not to complete the work for you.
We now we can just feed the task sheet to
AI and AI will help to do whatever is,
it's us is required,
so that's something that we will not
accept, but if you...
Ask AI to explain some of concepts for
you.
It's totally acceptable and we encourage
that actually,
because you will have someone to do,
like we will have the AI to help you
whenever you need, right?
That's much accessible for compared to
tutors and.
other students.
Sorry, what task you are talking about, M?
I don't know. Okay,
I think I was talking for the active
engagement task. If you would like to,
so the volunteer programme can be an
evidence,
a method of evidence to present if you
are part of the volunteer programme.
It's not national security check,
it's working with children's check.
So yeah,
you don't need to get a security
clearance to work in this unit as a
volunteer. That's a very,
very high standard.
Now you don't need to prepare specific
content.
So we'll go through the Practise test
soon,
so you will know what to prepare
basically. Okay, so for AI, again,
please do not use them to complete the
task, but please use them to, oh,
please use them to.
help you to explain concepts and all.
Alrighty,
so that's basically everything I want to
talk about in admin-wise.
Do you guys have any questions regarding
to the test or task submissions or
anything?
Yep.
Alex, sorry,
I didn't even remember for you to call my
No, all good. No, all good.
name. So,
it's my understanding that the test will
be on P2, P3, P4. I'm still working on P4.
It's looking like it's probably going to
Teh.
Yep.
have to ask for an extension. So,
what if I haven't completed P4,
Mhm.
I'm going straight into the test kind of
blind, am I not?
Not too much.
So if you haven't got time to finish the
task completely,
go through the guided tour first.
Then if you don't have time to do the
test or knowledge and all,
leave it for now.
Focus on test preparation.
So have a look at what control flows are,
how to write a control flow,
how to do those loops, if else statements,
then that's pretty much for the test.
OK, brilliant.
Jeremy,
you are able to ask your distinction task.
If it's in general, you can ask here.
If it's very specific to yourself,
please leave it to one-on-one sessions.
Jacob, no,
it will not impact your ability to
achieve higher grades.
It's just a matter of time.
So if you manage to push all the tasks
through at the end of,
before the end of the trimester,
it will be all good.
So as long as you get those green ticks,
guaranteed you get that.
Higher grades, so all good for now.
Yeah.
Okay, so let's have a look at the
Share my screen.
See this.
KY.
Cool.
Yeah,
can I see my screen of the Practise test?
Yep.
Awesome, thank you.
So just in case you don't know,
your view may be a little bit different
compared to mine,
but if you're interested in practise
tests, where it is,
it's sitting in test one.
There's resources for you to download.
And if you download the resources,
Practise test will be there.
You will be able to see this Word
document. Okay, awesome.
So this is a practise test paper.
What you see in the actual test will be,
I will say, 90% similar to this.
So please fill in your name and the
student ID.
and leave this for us to fill in.
And then it goes to the actual questions.
So the first two or first three will ask
you some terminal commands.
So technically this is a closed book test,
so you will need to remember
What's what are the usual the common?
commands that you use to create.
NET projects,
to compile files or add splash kit
packages.
So those are something you've done before
in P2, I believe.
So you remember you have a table filling
all the commands. So
Can anyone let me know what is the
terminal command to create?
And please read the task.
You are asked to create a new.
NET project in the current directory.
So you are already in the current
directory.
What should you type in the terminal to
be able to create a new.NET project?
Feel free to unmute yourself or type in
the chat.
Awesome, thank you guys. Yeah,
that's 100% correct. So it's.
NET new console, yes, yes. Yeah, well,
if you happen to,
because I know my typing is pretty bad,
so you happen to type something wrong,
console, spell console wrong,
that's not a problem.
Big issue.
Okay.
Yep, you can add actual flags there,
but please make sure the main part is
there. All righty. So next question,
you are asked to write a terminal command
to compile a C source file,
and the name is given, virus.cpp.
to an executable named virus using the
splash key library.
So, this is just to compile.
It's no running,
so you just need to provide the command
for compiling.
Please do not put in the command to run
the program.
Okay, so...
Can anyone let me know what is the
command to achieve this?
Please be mindful of all the requirements.
You will be given the source file name
and the output name and the library
you're going to use. So let me see.
We have, yeah, you can use CLAN,
you can use that compiler, you can ask,
you can use
G plus plus as well.
Michael is very close.
So, you have,
please be mindful of the file name.
So you have program.cs at the moment,
right?
So actually put your answers here.
This is not exactly correct.
But it's a very good example to discuss.
plus plus and you have program.
Those, yes.
Dash O.
Virus dot CPP.
Dash L splash.
Splash kit.
So where went wrong in this answer?
Can you guys let me know where went wrong
with this answer?
Exactly. So first place,
this is the syntax will be the name of
the compiler, then the source file.
So the source file is given is virus.cpp.
So you need to swap this with virus.
virus.cpp and what else?
So now you have the source file of virus.
cpp.
You're going to compile those to an
output file. What should be the name? Yes,
exactly. So your output,
the dash O flag means indicates the
output file you are going to have.
So your output file is given the name of
Virus, so...
Yep,
and the splash key library part is
perfectly fine,
so the correct answer would be...
The compiler name plus the source file
dash O output file dash L splash kit,
the library you're going to use.
So hope that makes sense.
Alrighty, cool, awesome. Thanks, Michael,
for providing us a good practice.
Appreciate that.
Okay, I'll just delete that.
Then you have another question.
Then we're going through the hand
execution part.
Is there any question around these two
question and answer type of task?
Any questions around?
This, the first two questions.
Alrighty, let's go on.
So the third question related to a task
that you will do according to the code
given. So in the third task,
read the code and follow and finish the
following questions. So the first
Task asks you to hand execute this code,
meaning.
This part.
with the following inputs.
So you have this code,
you are reading an input,
you have this read line,
so you have these inputs,
initial value set as 10,
count value set as at 8.
Then you are going to hand execute this
code.
So we are going through the hand execute.
With you guys, so...
Hey, um,
have you guys attempted at least a little
bit of P4 and hand execution?
Do you know usually what should we do
first when we when we are preparing for
hand executions?
I don't think so.
Yep, Michael, that's...
Okay, yes, that's good.
Drop boxes for variables and terminal
output. That's 100% correct. So yes,
target and terminal.
So for hand executions,
we need to do 2 things. The first one,
we need to hand execution two things.
The first one is variables.
So, you don't need to actually, uh, sorry.
excuse my writing, writing with my mouse,
you need to hand execute the variables,
especially the value of the variables,
and you also need to hand execute the
outputs. So we'll put variables here,
we have output there.
Puts.
So, we will require both of them.
Okay,
so we need to find all the variables that
we have.
So can anyone let me know what is the
first variable you see from the code?
If the code is not big enough,
you want larger text, let me know.
Yeah, all good.
Good.
Yeah.
Yep, hope that's better.
Yep, so you've given a lot of answers.
So we will,
you remember that when we talk about
sequence, right?
We know that the programme runs from top
to bottom.
So we will leave a box for all the
variables we see from, yes,
from top to bottom.
So the first variable you see,
Is been declared in this line,
so we go from line by line. Well,
from this line,
we see we declared A variable called
value keeper,
so we put a value keeper here, value.
Peer here.
Keep her here.
and we draw a box and I'll leave some
space just in case the value changes A
lot. Then we're going to the next line.
It's got my counter. So you are correct.
My counter is the second.
Counter.
Got the second one.
I'll move this a little bit to the bottom
later. Then we have the third variable,
it's called dummy var.
So we will have dummy.
Bar.
And next line we will have int i.
Thanks.
So,
we have so far prepared the boxes for all
for these two variables so far.
Okay.
And we go to the next line. We have this.
WRIGHT.
Enter initial value, so from output.
This is outputting to the terminal, right?
So you will see,
you will say enter initial value.
So I will not write it in here,
just to save some time. And we have,
we're going to the next line.
We have value keeper being assigned to
the value of two integer
Read line,
so we know that the initial enter the
initial value is 10 here.
So,
now the Value Keeper is being given a
value of 10,
so we put this 10 to the box of Value
Keeper.
Alrighty.
Okay, next line,
we have enter count value.
So you have count value here.
So these two lines have been provided
here.
So feel free to output it in the output.
If not, that's all good,
because these two lines have already been
provided. It's up to you to provide these
terminal outputs. If you didn't provide,
it's all good.
So now we have this my counter,
that's the 2nd variable,
equals to the second value.
So the counter value is 8.
We will assign the value 8 to my counter.
So, we'll put the value in the box.
Yes, that's correct, Alex.
So if it changes, we put something new.
Then...
We've done this, we've done this. Okay,
so now it goes to i equals to 0. Okay,
now i is being assigned to value of 0,
so we put 0 here.
Then we're going into a loop,
do something while this is true.
So, when this condition is met,
we execute the lines in between. So,
but because it's a dual loop,
we execute this bit one time anyways,
doesn't matter if the condition is met or
not, we execute this once,
then we cheque this,
we cheque this condition.
So, we do red line value keeper,
so we will print out value keeper.
The current value of value keeper is 10,
so we will output 10 in here.
Then we do value keeper minus minus,
minus minus meaning that we change value
keeper to the value of its original value
minus 1. So we decrease 1 at value keeper.
So now it becomes 2, 9.
So we cross out this 10.
and put 9 here.
Then what we do is we increase this i by
one. This is the meaning of plus plus.
So we increase i by one.
Then we cheque the condition.
If value keeper is not equal to my
counter, we cheque if it's true or not.
So value keeper now is 9. My counter is 8.
So it's not equal to each other.
So we do this loop again.
We enter into this loop again.
Then we write line value keeper,
so now value keeper is 9,
then we output this 9 here.
And then we decrease value keeper,
now it's 8.
Then, we increase I again. Now,
I equals to two.
Then we compare this condition again,
because now value keeper is 8 and my
counter is 8, so...
Of.
It is equal, then this is not true.
So we will jump out of the loop.
Then we have no code below that.
So that's every code that we have.
So this task is finished.
So we close the boxes.
And this will be the answer that we are
going to provide as the answer to this
question. So this is a dummy variable.
It hasn't been assigned to any value.
So leave it blank in here.
But please make a box for it.
By showing that you know there's a
variable there,
but it's just got no value.
Okay, any questions around this?
All good? Okay, awesome.
So, we'll scrap this.
Script this.
Squip this.
Alrighty,
so this is the this is first question of
hand execution. Next question,
we have hand execute this code with the
following inputs up to i equals to 4.
So I will delete this first to move that
one up.
It's not moving up.
KUHL.
Ohh, doesn't look good. OK, cool.
I forgot about it.
Just copy that.
Hopefully I can put it here. Okay.
So Jeremy, for the dummy variable,
I will create a box labelled with name,
but leave it empty to indicate it hasn't
been assigned any value yet.
This usually shows the variable exists,
but has been... Yes, exactly. Yeah,
that's correct. Awesome.
OK,
so next question: We hand execute the
code with the following inputs up to I
equals to 4, so...
We continue this code until i equals to
four. Then we have initial value of 14,
count value equals to 16. All right,
so we still going with these variables.
We have our value keeper,
we have mine counter,
we have the dummy variable.
We have the eye.
So now initial value is 14,
initial value is assigned to value keeper.
So initial value is 14.
And my count is 16.
Then i equals to 0 is the initial value.
Put i equals to 0 here,
and we have our output.
Okay.
Then we go, we enter into the loop,
so we still write line value keeper,
we write the value keeper here,
so the first value is 14.
And then we decrease value keeper,
so it goes to 13.
And now we increase I,
so this becomes to one.
Now we cheque the condition 13 compared
to 16. They're not equal.
16 not equals to 13 not equals to 16.
Then we keep going with the loop.
We print again,
go back again for the first line.
We print value keeper. So now it's 13.
And then we decrease value keeper.
Put it at 12 by one,
and we increase I by one, going to two.
Now compare the compared condition.
12 not equal to 16. We're still going.
Then we'll print this 12.
Same drill, decrease value keeper by one,
so it goes to 11.
and increase R by one. So this is 3.
Compare this, 11 goes to 6. Compared to 6,
it's not equal. We continue.
So value keeper minus,
still we print value keeper first,
put 11 in here.
And then we decrease value keeper by one,
so it goes to 10.
And we increase I by one,
so now it's four.
We cheque the condition,
although these two are still not equal to
each other,
but we already met this condition of I
equals to 4, so we can finish this task.
So we close this.
Close this, close this, close this.
So this is the answer we are going to
have.
Are we going to use break and else
statement in loops?
Um...
Well, you don't have to,
else probably if else, probably break.
Well,
if you're not using a case statement,
then I will say probably not, but yeah,
you may have to.
I would doubt,
I would suspect you have to do so.
Yeah.
It's very low chance, right?
Okay,
so this is the answer for this
second-hand execution question.
Do you guys have any questions,
any doubts around this? Is that clear?
Hope that makes sense.
Already, so that is the hand execution.
So for hand executions,
as some of you guys already summarized,
is just putting the variables and
recording the change of values and
provide relevant output.
And other than that,
you don't have to say
This is true, then we go, we do this,
do that. This is not true.
You don't have to give the explanations
of this HUAN execution.
You just do whatever you need to do in
the HUAN executions.
Alrighty.
Cool, let's move on to the next question.
So we've done this. All good.
Let's delete this.
And the question ask you is,
what is the bug in this program?
So thinking of the issue of the bug.
So say if I didn't say.
I didn't give the condition of I equals
to four; will this programme ever end?
In the first case, when a value keeper is.
..
Greater than my counter,
so when it's gradually decreased,
it's decreased from 10.
To 8, at some stage,
they will equal to each other,
and the programme will end,
but in the second case,
you will notice that value keeper is
smaller than the initial value is smaller
than the count value, so...
Value keeper keeps decreasing.
So it will be far away from the counter
value. So they will never meet each other.
They will never be equal to each other.
So this programme will become,
this loop will become an infinite loop,
right? So that is.
We call a bug in the program.
The programme still runs,
but a bug means that it's not logically
correct. It doesn't make sense. Okay.
So you will need to write this
explanation of what is this bug.
You may provide a fix. It's up to you.
And if you don't provide a fix,
that's awkward.
Kill, yeah, you can kill it, yeah.
So,
but please don't just provide a solution
like killing the program. Still,
you need to provide why it is this bug.
Sorry.
So, can I give us this one? Yeah, yeah,
you can. Yeah,
there are various explanations to express
the bug, but essentially,
if you saying that if you don't do this,
this, and that,
it will go and end up in an infinite loop.
something like that, but yeah,
your explanation is perfectly fine.
It's no condition to handle when the
value keeper starts smaller than the
counter. So it perfectly explains itself.
So all good.
I will do a thumbs up.
Cool. Awesome. So that's #3.
That's the most part of the practise test,
actually.
So hand executions actually take a big,
large part of test one.
So please have a look at hand executions
when you have time.
Next question is the final one.
You will be asked to write a C# code,
so that's why some of you finished your
previous task on C,
but now you are asked to write C# code.
The requirement is that it will a C code
continuously prompts,
so it will ask a user to input.
A number.
Terminating if.
The number is divisible by 11,
so if it's divisible by 11.
The it will stop.
So you know that now we're asking you to
write a loop.
So you need to know control flow,
you need to know the basic type of loop.
Alrighty.
Recall that the remainder operation in C#
is this percentage sign.
So an integer stored in number is
divisible by 10.
If number divisible by 10,
the remainder is 0,
so it's divisible by 11.
Alright, so the...
Condition is actually being given.
All right,
so you just need to use this condition to
write a loop.
Okay.
Michael, I don't think there is a yes,
Kathleen, thank you.
The interview is only for test 2.
Okay, and thanks, Anne,
for sending the operators,
comparing those ones. Yep,
you can use that. So, okay,
then what you need to do is to write the
code. You can either type or handwriting.
That's all good.
So I can now, oh, close this, I'll type.
Okay.
So the first thing when we write a
programme is to use the reference to the
libraries. But for this task,
if you don't remember using the name of
the libraries, using Splash Kit SDK, blah,
blah, blah, something like that,
don't worry about that.
You just ignore the using statement.
So you can
Start right from the code bit, so...
Okay,
so it asks you to continuously prompt a
user to input a number. So before that,
it didn't ask you to do anything. So the..
.
The programme is asking you to prompt
something,
so you can start from the beginning,
so you can ask a user to prompt anything,
so we can declare our variables first.
You can store, you can declare a number,
for example, integer.
No.
Okay, so you declare A variable. Now,
you ask a user to input a number. Now,
you are giving this number to.
and you want to prompt a user to input a
number. So you will provide the prompt.
When providing the prompt,
we need to do right.
So, please.
Please enter a number.
WRIGHT.
Don't forget a semicolon at the end,
and you will assign the number of...
Read integer, no, read line.
Read my.
Right? Because read line returns a string,
right?
You cannot just do this number because
it's an integer.
You cannot directly assign this integer
value to a number, right?
So you need to convert this to an integer.
So you need to do 2 int 32.
Red line, wrap it by the bracket. Yep,
now you have successfully asked for the
number. OK.
And it has to be continuously repeat
itself.
So it will terminate if the number is
divisible by 7.
So we need to repeat this process.
The best way to do is because we need to
ask user to input once anyways,
so we can use a dual loop.
Like what we've seen in the previous task,
so we can do use do a do-while loop.
Nah,
you don't have to start with int main.
That is actually a good question because
we don't need to do it in C,
we don't have to do it in C#.
You will see that in guided tours,
the code are not started by int main,
but you will see that in C.
the code actually start with the endpoint.
So that's a question for you to think
about why that is the case. Okay,
so we put the code that we want them to
repeat.
And we put the conditions while.
Because the condition is actually given.
So, if this number...
Divided by 11, the remainder is 0.
it will terminate. So actually,
we need to change this to not,
if it's not zero,
it will repeatedly ask the user to,
if the.
Yeah, this is not zero. See,
terminating if the number is yes.
So if it's the number is divisible,
it will stop.
So we need to put the condition of it's
not stopping. So we do this. And yeah,
that's the whole thing you need to write
for this question.
Is there any questions around this?
All good, so.
Yeah, scrolling down,
there's no further questions. Basically,
it will be, I will say,
80% similar to what you will see in the
actual test. All right,
so this is the demo for the practise test.
Yeah.
Any questions?
Ohh, good.
Awesome.
So if you don't have any questions,
how close is test 2 to test one?
It's not very close because test 2 is,
we have more modules covered to test 2,
so it will test on something different.
But the structure would be the same,
something like this.
And amount of questions,
it will be could be slightly more,
could be slightly more, yeah,
but the structure will be the same,
very similar.
Yeah, yeah, so yeah, yeah,
it starts to write C# code,
so please don't write C. No,
it's not an open book test.
So for on-campus students,
you need to go to the campus and we'll
have supervisors in the classroom.
But for online,
you need to supervise by yourself. Yeah,
it's not.
For online, it's not open book as well.
It is no one to supervise, yeah.
And, please.
Yeah,
and please don't use ChatGPT or Claude or
Mhm.
Codex or Llama.
Yeah.
Please undo that.
Yeah, it would be not not be good for.
Thank you.
Well, you will pass test one, but anyways,
you need to sit in an interview with us
for test 2, so not good to do that.
Alrighty.
Yeah.
I mean, I'll be honest, right? Like,
in the industry, if you look at it, right,
we use Doctor Google pretty much every
single day, right? I mean, yes,
you can use it for references, yes,
you can use it for syntax reference and
looking up, you know, different libraries,
but you really need to have a solid
understanding.
of how different code structures work,
right? So loops, repetition,
you have all your branching statements,
how you organise your code in general.
The.
That's very, very important to understand.
That is something that, you know,
you have to really learn. Syntax,
go for it, right?
Look at the documentation,
ask ChatGPT to explain how something
works.
Or if you have something written in C,
how do you do that in C,
then not a problem. Syntax references,
but you know,
coding styles and how you organise your
code in general,
that's something that should come from
you. Mohammadi, do you have a question?
Yeah,
I was actually going through all the
material that we have learned until now.
Just one thing I wanted to ask, so...
We are using like Splash Kit and most of
the guided tours they were doing,
you know,
like with Splash Kit with with the.
Mhm.
NET new console and stuff,
but some of the, you know, like online.
Places there saying that, you know,
that is extinct now. People use SKM.
What's that? What's the difference?
SKM with the Splash Kid Manager.
It's again part of Splash Kid as well.
Yeah.
Yeah,
so when you say something is extinct,
I'm not entirely sure what you mean by
that, but if you're using splash screen,
you're definitely also using SKM.
So is SKM the wrap around it or is it
like...
Special Manager. I mean,
if you want to go in more details,
SKM is actually a script.
And it's a script that lets you deal with
compilation and linking and everything,
so it deals with a lot of splash commands,
right? So, if you want to do, I mean,
how do you create a new C project or C
project with Splash Kit?
So, obviously, we just, uh, with the...
What's the command?
With the, you know,
dot dot that new console and just splash
get installing, that's it, but then...
Mhm.
What's like is what's basically SKM?
Is it like a node.js?
It's A transcript.
Right, if you, I mean,
if you're using a Unix machine, if you,
if you type in which is Alex doc now,
if you type in which SQM,
it'll actually give you a path, right?
If you look at what that is.
No.
It will actually give you,
and let me see if I can find that for you.
dot slash get sk.
Okay, let me just copy this.
Control insert copy. OK,
I'm going to share something over here.
Really, if you really,
really want to know what's what SKM is,
right? This is what SKM is.
It's installed on pretty much everyone's
laptop. Shell, shell, shell, shell, shell,
shell. There we go.
I know it sounds very, very complicated,
but this is exactly what SKM does.
So looking at your commands,
looking at what you're passing in,
and then scaffolding a project to help
you compile and all that.
So SKM is just a splash script manager.
Okay.
That might have been a bit overkill,
right?
Are we?
Yeah, so just one more question. Sorry,
I was just using because I was just
practicing. So with SKM,
I think if because my computer was giving
error,
I think last night when I was using the
splash key when I was trying to install
through the splash key through.
The console, so...
Mm.
Obviously, it might be a couple of things.
It might be the place where I've
installed the splash manager,
or it might be...
The link then I strike the link as well
as it as like the then you can then you
can folder.
New KURT.
But then when I tried, yeah,
when when I tried with the SKM, come on,
it just it just worked straight away,
like when when I tried the SKM, new C#,
come on, it just worked straight away.
It works. Now,
you can definitely do a new console,
right? That's a default up and come on,
but if you also use this one,
splash get also lets you create projects
like that. The same with C, oh sorry, C,
you can just give new C,
you can scaffold a new C project for you.
So, it doesn't really matter,
as long as you have the project, you know,
OK, smart.
set up that should define.
But either can work, so whatever works.
OK, just wanted to make clear because...
Yes.
Yep,
I would say just follow the field guide,
yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yep, all good, yep.
Okay, sure.
ALEX.
If it's called good, yeah.
That's, yeah,
that shell script might have been a
little bit too much, but...
No, all good, all good, you know. Awesome.
So if no questions from you guys,
we'll enter the one-on-one time.
So tonight we'll have approximately one
hour to deal with all the questions that
you have.
Surely, let me see if I can do...
Because I remember we cannot do breakout
rooms, right?
I'll make a post then.
So if any one of you need help,
please leave your name under the post I'm
going to make. Just bear with me.
Okay.
SUMMERS.
Please.
Leave your name under the post if you
need any assistance.
Okay, cool. So I've made the post.
You should get a notification. If not,
I'll post the.
I'll post the link here.
So feel free to drop off if you don't
have any questions, work on tasks.
If you get any questions,
please jump in the queue,
leave your name and we will give you a
call separately, if that's okay.
Thank you, Kurt. Have a good night.
I guess.
Yep, thank you.
We'll wait,
we'll wait for a few minutes on this
channel till everyone disappears,
and yeah.
YEE.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
If we didn't get to talk to you tonight,
I hope you have hope you have a wonderful
day.
And if you have any questions you want to
ask here, well, please go ahead.
Wu.
Yeah, yeah, Alex.
Yeah, so realistically,
I'm just going through the overview in P4.
I could really get this done in a day,
right?
Yeah, I mean, uh...
Okay, yeah,
because this one we got so long to start
it in and I was just I was trying to
catch up on P3.
Got the extension literally day after the
extension I finished P3.
And then it's just like I'm trying to
juggle between this and 182 to get them
both done on the same day.
So I'm guessing I'm probably going to
have to have an extension for one of them.
Yu.
So, whatever I get done first.
I mean, see, I mean,
people should technically,
Yeah.
at least the coding part shouldn't take
you much time, right?
As long as you have gone through the
field guide, you've learned everything,
and the coding part should define,
but then again, you have that,
that walking through that field guide
problem, right?
That might take you a bit of time.
Yeah.
Mm.
And then you'll have to take all the
screenshots and then have your
reflections. Again,
reflections do take time.
So all that included around a day, coding,
that should be easy.
The...
Yeah,
the problem I'm having is P4 seems to
make quite a bit of sense and I'm still
trying to get my head around all the
jargon of P3. Like,
I feel like I almost looped P3,
like when the calculator worked,
I was like, oh my God, what?
Mm.
So I'm just like, that's the part. Like,
how am I, like, just trying to get...
my head around the names of everything,
the arguments, the jargon, and, you know,
string and stuff.
That's the hardest part because then it's
Yeah.
just like, oh, hang on a second,
what's what?
Like if it was just written as English as
it was supposed to be, this is text.
Yeah.
I think I'd be very much fine.
Yeah, again, the writing part,
it does kind of take its toll to be
honest, right? I'll give you an example.
Just today at work,
I wrote massive blocks of code,
no problem, two hours, and all,
we're all done.
Same thing with designing stuff and,
you know,
working on architecture and all that,
no problem. Documentation, yeah,
that's where most of my day went.
Mm.
So the writing takes the longest, right?
Writing it or learning journey takes very
Yeah.
Yeah, your reflections, yeah, yeah.
Yes.
long.
And this is actually quite interesting
Yeah.
because of documentation,
I was literally documenting and
describing my own code.
It took me like 4 hours, literally.
I mean, there was a lot of it, but still.
No.
Takes a long time, coding is easier, but..
.
Oh, yeah, the documentation, I'm like, oh,
cool, I can fly through this,
but then it's just like, ah,
like I'm looking at the same string of
code for like an hour trying to figure it
out and then just, yeah,
I felt like my calculator only worked
because I kind of copied and pasted most
Yeah.
of the.
The simple calculator,
and then the hardest part was...
Alex, you've been cut off.
Nice.
and should have written them out more
convincingly because suddenly every
single one of them sounded exactly the
same.
And I think that's where a good six to
seven hours of my day went.
So.
Yeah, next time. That's okay. I mean,
yeah, like in the earlier weeks,
YEE.
Yeah.
this is what you'll be doing anyway,
but as you go forward,
Yeah.
it starts becoming easier.
Okay, brilliant.
Yes, for sure, yeah.
Thanks guys.
I'm gonna drop off and head to work.
Thanks again for the seminar.
Yep, all good. Cheers. Go on, bye bye.
Thank you, bye.
BYE.
Anything else?
Most important thing about documentation?
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. Right.
So something happens to you.
Mm.
I hope it doesn't happen. Or I quit.
I hope I get paid more.
Yeah.
Someone can come in behind you and know
exactly where you were and what you were
doing. Yes, yes, it is. It is.
It's also quite important when you're
working on something that other teams are
Exactly, yeah.
also using, right?
So think of it this way.
You're working in one team that's working
on one part of a giant project,
and then you have other teams integrating
your stuff,
and then they'll need to have some way of
understanding what you're doing, right?
That's where documentations come in handy.
Yeah.
It's also good for knowledge transfer,
right?
Yeah.
It's also about establishing patterns.
So you might be coming up with a new
pattern for something. And you never know,
right? One year down the line,
the entire organisation might be
following exactly that approach. Again,
documentation helps with all that.
Yeah.
Good comments are important,
very important, right? Again,
personal example.
I wrote a code in a piece of code in like
what, November last year.
I have no idea what it does now.
I did leave comments, so I really,
really hope they help me when I
eventually have to go through all that
and Davoud stuff. But hey, that's five.
That's coding for you.
Alex disappeared. Interesting.
Where did Alex go?
Sorry, I kicked myself out. Yeah,
I was trying to close one of the, yeah,
Ugh.
I was looking at Mohammed's screenshots.
It looks like to me Splash Kit is not
installed correctly, I think.
Okay.
Yeah, well,
we can call upon a call with you,
Mohammadi.
Oh, wait, wait, hang on.
X51 uncertificate chain violation user.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's fine.
There are no versions available for slash
kit. That is interesting.
Try doing SKM new C#, I think,
or what is the command I?
Trying at that and...
It should work if I'm not wrong.
Cheque out the Splash Kid documentation.
It actually mentions this.
And the final thing is we actually used
to use, we used SKN way, way,
way back in like 2018, 2019.
And it used to work flawlessly. Try that.
Splashkit.
io documentation will share my screen.
SKM.net new console. Yeah, try that.
Muhammad, try SKM.net new console. Yeah.
So.
Bye.
SKM.
Dot dot.
In SKM.NET new console, try that.
Oh yeah, yeah.
By doing that, I think that's the one.
That should help you with this.
Okay.
On Alex, on your post in the channel,
we do have a couple of people who are
Yep, yep, we'll probably hop on a call.
Yep.
showing interest. We will, we will. OK,
is there anything else from this this
group, guys?
So basically for this week we don't have
to submit anything,
just prepare for the next week test.
Yeah, you can submit. It's up to you.
You can submit things. Yeah.
Well, I figure.
Of course, if you have anything pending,
please submit.
Ohh, no, like I just everything,
but nothing else, nothing new.
Yeah.
According to your,
so you have to schedule, right?
So just do everything according to the
schedule you made. That's all good. Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
Cheers.
We probably,
I will probably call Mohammadi separately.
Yeah, OK. How many people do you?
How many people do we have in this tile?
Yeah, and we're starting on the year.
We have three people. No, hang on.
We have actually 6, yeah, quite a bit.
Oh yeah, we have six people, quite a bit.
All right, guys,
Teh.
I think we will close this one,
end the meeting for all,
Yeah.
and then we will jump on to that mother
post, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, Mohammadi,
can I give you a call?
Okay, you deal with Mohammadi. I will.
GANESH, you have a question? Okay,
Yeah.
I'll give you a personal call then.
Okay, thanks.
No problem. I'll see you guys.
Sure. Cheers. Thanks, bye.
Ryan.